README.md, before:

# 🛍 Multi-Cart — a fake fancy shopping cart

![Feature-Promotion-STATUS](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/actions/workflows/01-feature-promotion.yml/badge.svg) ![Feature-Promotion-STATUS](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/actions/workflows/02-dev-promotion.yml/badge.svg)

* [multicart.app](https://multicart.app/)

This is a full-stack **React** **serverless** web application built for demo and study purposes while I was learning React, GraphQL, and other tech. 

`NOTE:` In April 2023, I upgraded most of the shopping cart code, guided by React principles and best practices learned over the past couple years, detailed in the section below. 



# 📐 2023: Guiding Principles and Best Practices



# ✅ Tasks: 

- [ ] Only principles and best practices here!
- [ ] Codes samples go down below
- [ ] So up here we'd have "useEncapsulation", and down below `useSaveAsCurrentCart` for code samples..
- [ ] Why not combine? Or say:
- [ ] 



*Where applicable, I've linked to a relevant sample:*

- [ ] component **composition** (eg. `drawerHeader={<SearchBar...`) eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/fc38ffa2e4e781b1bfcf3b1ddbccbe65e708289a/libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/_layout/nav-bar/NavBar.tsx#L80) [2](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/fc38ffa2e4e781b1bfcf3b1ddbccbe65e708289a/libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/line-account/drawer-container/DrawerContainer.tsx#L60) [3](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/0d957feb277e5f1e43e9b6e97d20a246e40c2ab7/apps/multi-cart/appViews/auth/RegisterContainer.tsx#L8-L9)
- [ ] **minimal** state management
- [ ] minimal `useEffects`, and **encapsulation** into custom hooks where appropriate, eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96/libs/react-data-access/src/lib/hooks/useSaveAsCurrentCart.ts) [2](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96/apps/multi-cart/appViews/EditCartContainer.tsx#L18)
- [ ] strongly typed auto-generated React hooks from graphql schema (by codegen), eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96/libs/react-data-access/src/lib/generated/graphql.ts)
- [ ] Typescript 
- [ ] Clear **componentization** and hierarchy, eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96/apps/multi-cart/component-guides/EditCart-Component-GUIDE.png)
- [ ] clear container vs dummy component 
  - [ ] show single responsibility S R P like all little functions, they all have less than 100 lines, right?
- [ ] No superfluous comments, 
- [ ] avoided hasty abstractions 
- [ ] tuned for the optimal backend calls.
  - [ ] So there's no superfluous backend calls it tuned for rendering.
- [ ] So there's no superfluous rendering that might be what to do you might need to install.
  - [ ] Why did you render and make sure that's true.
- [ ] I made the components as **testable** as possible, big exclamation point on this one by injecting blah, blah, blah blah blah. Testing!
- [ ] I didn't religiously follow the container component pads and I wonder if I'll end up regretting that, but I don't think so because **MSW** solves a lot of those issues now, you don't have to worry about injecting data, you just mock it.
- [ ] optimistic update is coming soon
- [ ] ...that's just on the front end, the back end ==stays as is/README for now==



*Coming Soon:* ==get this outta here! Into CODDX and done!==

- [ ] Error boundary 
- [ ] Suspense
- [ ] Compound components
- [ ] react context 

[<img src="docs/images/image-20230419115330971.png">](apps/multi-cart/component-guides/EditCart-Component-GUIDE.png)


# 👾 2023: Front-end Code Samples

Please see this **"Component Guide"** for referencing what components make-up what UI/UX:

[<img src="docs/images/image-20230419115330971.png">](apps/multi-cart/component-guides/EditCart-Component-GUIDE.png)



**React / Next.js / Custom HOC and Hooks**

* [Register](apps/multi-cart/pages/register.tsx) Next Page, [RegisterContainer](apps/multi-cart/appViews/auth/RegisterContainer.tsx), and [RegistrationForm](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/auth/registration-form/RegistrationForm.tsx)
* [EditCartContainer](apps/multi-cart/appViews/EditCartContainer.tsx),  [EditCart](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/cart/edit-cart/EditCart.tsx) component (good example of component composition to avoid prop-drilling)
* [NavBar](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/_layout/nav-bar/NavBar.tsx) component, [LineAccount](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/line-account/line-account/LineAccount.tsx) component, 
* Custom [incoming webhook](apps/multi-cart/pages/api/webhook-incoming.ts) (devops glue between Terraform Cloud and GitHub Actions)

* [AutoSave](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/auto-save/AutoSave.tsx) (for formik inputs)
* [useIsAuth](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/_hooks/useIsAuth.ts), [useMyToasts](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/_hooks/useMyToasts.ts)
* UI Library / Design system: [Breadcrumbs component](libs/react-ui/src/lib/breadcrumbs/Breadcrumbs.tsx) with [stories](libs/react-ui/src/lib/breadcrumbs/Breadcrumbs.stories.tsx) and [E2E specs](apps/react-ui-e2e/src/integration/Breadcrumbs/Breadcrumbs.spec.ts)

**urql**

* [Graphcache Custom Exchange](libs/react-data-access/src/lib/urql-customizations/cache.ts) (==hmmm, lots of any, maybe don't surface here, nope==!)
* [Custom GlobalFetching Exchange](libs/react-data-access/src/lib/urql-customizations/createUrqlClient.ts) (uses redux, for logo spinner state)





# Table of Contents

1. [✈️ 10,000 Foot View](docs/readme/01-ten-thousand-foot-view.md)
2. [▶️ Demo Reels](docs/readme/02-demo-reels.md)
3. [🎯 Purpose](docs/readme/03-purpose.md)
4. [🚀 Technologies Used](docs/readme/04-technologies-used.md)
5. [👨🏻‍💻 Installation and Quick Start](docs/readme/05-installation-quick-start.md)
6. [🗂 Repo Overview](docs/readme/06-repo-overview.md)
7. [👩‍🔬 Testing Pyramid](docs/readme/07-testing-pyramid.md)
8. [⛅️ CI/CD](docs/readme/08-cicd.md)
9. [🐞 Known Issues and Future Enhancements](docs/readme/09-known-issues-and-future-enhancements.md)
10. [⚙️ Helpful Commands](docs/readme/10-helpful-commands.md)
11. [🔋Backend Code Samples](docs/readme/11-backend-code-samples.md)





# Other Info:


* ✉️ **Contact**: my personal website is https://karlgolka.com/ and you can email me at contact@karlgolka.com 

* 📝 **License**: [MIT](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/develop/LICENSE)

* **🌥 Cloud Providers:**


| [Vercel](https://vercel.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/deployments) deployments | [GitHub](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/actions)  actions | [Terraform Cloud](https://app.terraform.io/app/multi-cart/workspaces/multi-cart-dev/runs) dev runs | [Cypress](https://dashboard.cypress.io/organizations/d27854b3-693d-41fe-8fb8-55bac52ed996/projects) dashboard | [AWS](https://console.aws.amazon.com/) console |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------- |

Commit message:

2023 04 19 readme updates (#29)
* docs: updating README after refactor (breaking into separate pages)

* docs: readme WIP

* Update README.md

* docs: readme re-org, WIP [skip ci]

* docs: image for cmnpt guide

* docs: updating path to image

* docs: path fixes

* docs: updated demo reels

* docs: updating readme

* Squashed commit of the following:

commit 647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96
Author: Karl Golka <contact@karlgolka.com>
Date:   Wed Apr 19 15:40:41 2023 -0700

    use encapsulation approach (#27)

    * refactor: useEncapsulation approach for useSaveAsCurrentCart

    • added back FullScreenSpinner during removal-up of router.query.id

    * fix: sidebar logout and btns work now

    * chore: comments cleanup

commit fc38ffa2e4e781b1bfcf3b1ddbccbe65e708289a
Author: Karl Golka <contact@karlgolka.com>
Date:   Wed Apr 19 12:06:20 2023 -0700

    2023 04 19 readme updates (#26)

    * docs: updating README after refactor (breaking into separate pages)

    * docs: readme WIP

    * Update README.md

    * docs: readme re-org, WIP [skip ci]

    * docs: image for cmnpt guide

    * docs: updating path to image

    * docs: path fixes

* refactor: improving/DRY-ing Login form and other cleanup

* docs: Readme homepage almost done

README.md, after:

# 🛍 Multi-Cart — a fake fancy shopping cart

![Feature-Promotion-STATUS](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/actions/workflows/01-feature-promotion.yml/badge.svg) ![Feature-Promotion-STATUS](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/actions/workflows/02-dev-promotion.yml/badge.svg)

* [multicart.app](https://multicart.app/)

This is a full-stack **React** **serverless** web application built for demo and study purposes while I was learning React, GraphQL, and other tech. 

`NOTE:` In April 2023, I upgraded most of the shopping cart code, guided by React principles and best practices learned over the past couple years, detailed in the section below. 



# 📐 2023: Guiding Principles and Best Practices

*Where applicable, I've linked to a relevant sample:*

- [ ] component **composition** (eg. `drawerHeader={<SearchBar...`) eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/fc38ffa2e4e781b1bfcf3b1ddbccbe65e708289a/libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/_layout/nav-bar/NavBar.tsx#L80) [2](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/fc38ffa2e4e781b1bfcf3b1ddbccbe65e708289a/libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/line-account/drawer-container/DrawerContainer.tsx#L60) [3](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/0d957feb277e5f1e43e9b6e97d20a246e40c2ab7/apps/multi-cart/appViews/auth/RegisterContainer.tsx#L8-L9)
- [ ] **minimal** state management
- [ ] minimal `useEffects`, and **encapsulation** into custom hooks where appropriate, eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96/libs/react-data-access/src/lib/hooks/useSaveAsCurrentCart.ts) [2](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96/apps/multi-cart/appViews/EditCartContainer.tsx#L18)
- [ ] strongly-typed **auto-generated** React hooks from graphql schema (by codegen), eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96/libs/react-data-access/src/lib/generated/graphql.ts)
- [ ] Typescript, eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/ae5c94593605ff660b37ea1323b8f7f530a421ce/libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/auth/login-form/LoginForm.types.tsx)
- [ ] clear **componentization** and hierarchy, eg. [1](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/647c9a8c3a6b0c27bc61a7bb9520c4e8e8a55a96/apps/multi-cart/component-guides/EditCart-Component-GUIDE.png) 
- [ ] **simple**, short functions, components, and files (under 200 lines) that are [D.R.Y.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself) and [S.R.P.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-responsibility_principle)
- [ ] Clean and no unnecessary **comments**
- [ ] [Avoided Hasty Abstractions](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/aha-programming) and [Rule of Threes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rule_of_three_(computer_programming)) 
- [ ] performant **data-fetching** (no unnecessary API calls)
- [ ] **testable** components, with minimal dependencies and allowing easy-mocking with msw
- [ ] **"Smart"** container vs "Dumb" component (loosely, not strictly)



*Coming Soon:* ==get this outta here! Into CODDX and done!==

- [ ] Error boundary 
- [ ] Suspense
- [ ] Compound components
- [ ] react context 

[<img src="docs/images/image-20230419115330971.png">](apps/multi-cart/component-guides/EditCart-Component-GUIDE.png)


# 👾 2023: Front-end Code Samples

Please see this **"Component Guide"** for referencing what components make-up what UI/UX:

[<img src="docs/images/image-20230419115330971.png">](apps/multi-cart/component-guides/EditCart-Component-GUIDE.png)



**React / Next.js / Custom HOC and Hooks**

* [Register](apps/multi-cart/pages/register.tsx) Next Page, [RegisterContainer](apps/multi-cart/appViews/auth/RegisterContainer.tsx), and [RegistrationForm](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/auth/registration-form/RegistrationForm.tsx)
* [EditCartContainer](apps/multi-cart/appViews/EditCartContainer.tsx),  [EditCart](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/cart/edit-cart/EditCart.tsx) component (good example of component composition to avoid prop-drilling)
* [NavBar](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/_layout/nav-bar/NavBar.tsx) component, [LineAccount](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/line-account/line-account/LineAccount.tsx) component, 
* Custom [incoming webhook](apps/multi-cart/pages/api/webhook-incoming.ts) (devops glue between Terraform Cloud and GitHub Actions)

* [AutoSave](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/auto-save/AutoSave.tsx) (for formik inputs)
* [useIsAuth](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/_hooks/useIsAuth.ts), [useMyToasts](libs/react-shared-components/src/lib/_hooks/useMyToasts.ts)
* UI Library / Design system: [Breadcrumbs component](libs/react-ui/src/lib/breadcrumbs/Breadcrumbs.tsx) with [stories](libs/react-ui/src/lib/breadcrumbs/Breadcrumbs.stories.tsx) and [E2E specs](apps/react-ui-e2e/src/integration/Breadcrumbs/Breadcrumbs.spec.ts)

**urql**

* [Graphcache Custom Exchange](libs/react-data-access/src/lib/urql-customizations/cache.ts) (==hmmm, lots of any, maybe don't surface here, nope==!)
* [Custom GlobalFetching Exchange](libs/react-data-access/src/lib/urql-customizations/createUrqlClient.ts) (uses redux, for logo spinner state)





# Table of Contents

1. [✈️ 10,000 Foot View](docs/readme/01-ten-thousand-foot-view.md)
2. [▶️ Demo Reels](docs/readme/02-demo-reels.md)
3. [🎯 Purpose](docs/readme/03-purpose.md)
4. [🚀 Technologies Used](docs/readme/04-technologies-used.md)
5. [👨🏻‍💻 Installation and Quick Start](docs/readme/05-installation-quick-start.md)
6. [🗂 Repo Overview](docs/readme/06-repo-overview.md)
7. [👩‍🔬 Testing Pyramid](docs/readme/07-testing-pyramid.md)
8. [⛅️ CI/CD](docs/readme/08-cicd.md)
9. [🐞 Known Issues and Future Enhancements](docs/readme/09-known-issues-and-future-enhancements.md)
10. [⚙️ Helpful Commands](docs/readme/10-helpful-commands.md)
11. [🔋Backend Code Samples](docs/readme/11-backend-code-samples.md)





# Other Info:


* ✉️ **Contact**: my personal website is https://karlgolka.com/ and you can email me at contact@karlgolka.com 

* 📝 **License**: [MIT](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/blob/develop/LICENSE)

* **🌥 Cloud Providers:**


| [Vercel](https://vercel.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/deployments) deployments | [GitHub](https://github.com/charlieargue/multi-cart/actions)  actions | [Terraform Cloud](https://app.terraform.io/app/multi-cart/workspaces/multi-cart-dev/runs) dev runs | [Cypress](https://dashboard.cypress.io/organizations/d27854b3-693d-41fe-8fb8-55bac52ed996/projects) dashboard | [AWS](https://console.aws.amazon.com/) console |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------- |
